customer reciept
admin panel (view orders, add shipping charge, create/delete products, create/delete classes)
classes page booking system

~~~ faults
improper database design - one person can order twice, thus their address is duplicated in addresses table
    - check if address is complete match to prior entry. if so, use that address id in order table?
validate billing details solution
no checks to see if product is in basket - someone could add multiple of same product
cookie size small - only ~6 products can be added until max capacity. move to session data?

~~~ end
fade in content with scroll
check resizing
delete unwanted imgs from storage
change terms of conditions
set up stripe invoicing etc
install dependancies? not dev dependancies.
query detector

~~~ extra
blog page
virtual walkthrough
events page
auto address finder

~~~ testing
buy product with shipping details same as billing
buy product with different shipping/billing details
buy a sold item
test payment to real account
purchase multiple products
shipping (optional company and apartment)
shipping & billing (optional company and apartment)


replace hire space with classes - 8 spaces available. take details and payment. block of 4 is £120. 1 off art bar is 40. two classes on sunday (morn 10-12, afternoon 1-3), art bar saturday night 6-8 (once a month, last saturday of month).
    classcontroller. 
    - whole 2022 schedule bookable
        - block of 4 classes (life drawing, etc)(block whole of june, 2nd week in january, easter week 2022, 1 week october, stop classes mid december, end of july/start august for bdays)
        - art bar - last saturday of every month, take out holidays


Hire -> classes
    classcontroller (book (remove 'x' places from 'places' column), ), 
    Class model,
    class migration (name, desc, price, dates?, places)
    'classes' page
        2 classes, descriptions, prices. pick from calender of dates. it says how many spaces left, then click book - enter name, email, phone number and then proceed to stripe payment
  
class table - name, desc, price
availability table - class id, date, spaces